fix(lb): detail DHCP usage (#59)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/how-to/use-with-private-network.mdx

5. Select the Private Network to attach from the drop down list, then choose the IP configuration for your load balancer. You can choose either dynamic configuration using DHCP or static IP configuration. 

>     With dynamic configuration, a DHCP server in your Private Network will automatically assign the IP configuration to your first and secondary Load Balancers. You can setup such a DHCP server by yourself, or use a [Public Gateway](https://console.scaleway.com/vpc/public-gateways). When using static configuration, you can manually assign two IP addresses from your network's IP subnet to the first and the secondary Load Balancers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With dynamic configuration, a DHCP server in your Private Network will automatically assign the IP configuration to your first and secondary Load Balancers. You can set up such a DHCP server by yourself, or use a [Public Gateway](https://console.scaleway.com/vpc/public-gateways). When using static configuration, you can manually assign two IP addresses from your network's IP subnet to the first and the secondary Load Balancers. 
```

Reviewer: Sinon c'est super, merci !
